"Elena's father is a janitor in front of the city hall and her mother is an obese, crippled and rude housewife, while "I" grew up with good grades and a docile personality, and was loved by her teachers.

Leila's father was a shoemaker and her mother was a gentle housewife. Compared to Elena's intelligence, Leila could be considered a genius, and at the age of three, she learned to read just by seeing the letters and pictures in her brother's literacy book. She can speak standard Italian to you if she wants to. ......

When Lila was in elementary school, she wrote a "novel" - "The Blue Fairy", which "I" read and praised, but Lila found it disgusting, until "I" later went to college, and by chance, published a best-selling book, and by chance turned to the "Blue Fairy" that she had previously treasured, only to discover to her dismay that the content of her novel came from "The Blue Fairy".

Sometimes women imitate each other, stealing ideas and drawing strength from each other.

I remember when I was in elementary school, my teacher assigned an essay, and I showed it to my "Lila" after I wrote it, using a word I was proud of, "the words just fell".

And this stealing of ideas and opinions is not one-sided. We sometimes chatted about our future lives, and once she had asked me: "When you visit your boyfriend's house in the future, will you take the initiative to help share the housework? "I rightly said: "Of course, we must perform well, otherwise the future mother-in-law will certainly dislike themselves. "Then she said what she thought: "I won't. "I asked why, and she explained: "If you act very attentive, you will make your boyfriend's family look down on you. "

I didn't understand it at the time, and I don't know when I started to think that I should act reserved too. I don't know if my mind has changed or if I have taken her position as my own.

There were many such moments, and we would share many ideas and opinions together, but my "Lila" often seemed to have the opposite view from mine, and sometimes I found her ideas interesting, so I secretly took her ideas for myself, so that later I couldn't tell which were my real ideas and which were the ideas she told me.

There are also secrets that are more obscure.

In the adolescence, "I" became a full of pimples with thick eyes fat girl, in the like of the boy Minah up that always look a little inferior, think they do not deserve each other.

And Leila is like a flower bud blooming, become beautiful and eye-catching. Not only that, Lila was always "bad" since she was a child, shredding toilet paper into ink and then using a pen to fish it out and fling it at her classmates; she also had the guts to threaten a rich and powerful man with a knife just because he had molested "me"; sometimes she was very loving and hateful. The richest man in town pursued her, and if she wanted to, she could immediately lift herself and her family out of poverty and become a rich wife, respected by people, but she still refused very unceremoniously, just because she hated their family.

Leila's appearance, quirky ideas in her head, and unpredictable temperament all become irresistible and fatal attractions. As long as she is willing, she will always find a way to achieve their goals, as long as she does not want, no one can force her. This charm is perhaps the "reality distortion position" in the biography of Steve Jobs, anyone who has met her will be attracted by her strange charm, whether it is "my" beloved Nino, or "my "my" husband.

I used to follow Leila's ideas and footsteps. In short, I found that wherever Leila existed, all eyes would be taken away by her, and I envied Leila while imitating her.

In addition to stealing each other's ideas, in friendship, the strong personality is more independent, while the weaker party naturally belongs to the subordinate position, or even dependent on each other's existence.

I think of a friend in college, she is very beautiful, cheerful, the opposite sex is also very good, because they are hometown, so often play together, sometimes I hear people say: "you two look alike", but also just take it as a compliment, after all, if you can be as beautiful as her, is not a good thing, now look at the time of the group photo found, in fact, is the hair, look a little like it, and later heard a classmate say that he is like her little followers, only then began to realize our problems.

I began to notice that during our time together, I was always compromising and giving in. If she had a different arrangement or idea, whether she was pouting or angry, she would always have a way to make you follow her arrangement.

And this power struggle is not set in stone, sometimes you are the strong party, and at other times, you become the weak party, the efforts you make, is to maintain their own strong, as well as when they are in a weak phase as if trying to transform into a strong.

"Why Women Can't Get Married Early and Why They Should Stick to School"

After graduating from elementary school, Leila stopped studying because her parents did not agree, so Leila followed her father at home to learn the craft of shoe-making. After puberty, Leila, who was originally thin and malnourished, began to transform and attracted numerous suitors.

I" because of the disillusionment with Nino, want to escape from the place of birth, and eventually entered the University of Pisa. In the university, "I" met Pietro, whose father was a famous professor and mother was an active translator, and they were different from the Stefano family. "They would fight with strangers to defend their family, and felt that the women of their family - sisters and wives - could be scolded at will.

Because of the Petro family's acceptance, I was able to enter the local elite circle of people who were prominent lawyers, doctors, and even congressmen.

Leila lost her passion for marriage because she recognized Stefano's true colors on her wedding day, and bad-mouthed him as her husband, which inspired Stefano's violence. In this bad marriage, Lila will occasionally be beaten up and bruised, and eventually Lila's marriage ended in failure, and she was reduced to a meat processing plant worker with a child in her arms.

The "I" in Pisa, however, was introduced by Pietro's mother and succeeded in publishing her first novel, which, to her surprise, gained public popularity after publication.

Now we can answer the question why women should not marry too early and why they should keep reading.

First of all, many women in the young often because they have not seen too much of the world, and easy to be captured by the man's sugar-coated, they can not distinguish between vanity and love, you think you like the other gentleman thoughtful, but in fact you like the other high-class dress, eye-catching luxury cars, and the understatement of the broad.

And especially young and beautiful girls often need to face more temptation and take more risks. Beauvoir said in "The Second Sex": The great fortune of a man is that he, whether in adulthood or as a child, must embark on an extremely difficult path, but it is a most reliable path; the misfortune of a woman is surrounded by almost irresistible temptation; she is not asked to rise to the occasion, but only encouraged to slide down to reach the ultimate happiness. By the time she realizes that she has been fooled by the mirage, it is already too late, her strength has been exhausted in the failed adventure.

It is thus clear that although marrying someone can change your class attributes, this staircase is not secure and may break at any time, when the fate that greets you is just to fall back to the bottom.

Secondly, what is the benefit of insisting on studying? For "me" at that time, it was just a means to escape from Naples, and the only way to get rid of Naples was to go to university. The deeper meaning is that reading opens people's eyes, you see what is good and what is elegant, and you naturally don't look at the "rich" people in small places anymore. Your world is no longer about which daughter got married in Naples and which woman had a son, but you find out that there are other things: feminist movements, planned economy, new capitalism ......

"A woman who is deeply involved in marriage and children is a dehumanized machine"

For the local women in Naples, the best place to live is undoubtedly to marry a rich local man, wear the most expensive clothes, live in the biggest house, and for those who are not lucky, they can only marry a cobbler or a worker.

"I have changed my fate through knowledge, published my own book, and have a certain income, and in addition to love, marriage, and children, I have my own job and get a sense of accomplishment from it.

Even though she knew that she was nothing after leaving her husband and could no longer enjoy a carefree life, and her family would be affected, she resolutely broke up with her husband, and even after the "divorce" she was reduced to a female worker in a meat processing factory, she never gave up on life.

However, because of the social environment at that time, they were not destined to become true women of the new age.

"He seldom talked to me about his work and never communicated with me in depth. In Petro's opinion, I was an ignorant woman, and even with a university degree and a novel, I was still not on the same level as him in terms of knowledge.

"Even when his newborn daughter cried beside him, he would not hug her, but was buried in his own academic world.

When it came to sex, Petro was very direct and brutal, with little regard for "my" feelings. "I" seems to be like a machine, can only silently bear the impact of life, lost the right to feel.

"I think that marriage is different from what people think, it is like an institution that deprives all the rights of sexual intercourse."

Until one day, "I" suddenly realized that people around me no longer called "me" by my first name, but by Mrs. Erota, that for others "I" was no longer Elena or Elena Greco, that "my" family name had lost all its glory, that "I" was the mother of two daughters, the wife of Petro, but that "I" was not myself.

As a person, "I" have no less ambition than a man, "I think he became the embodiment of my representation and remorse, I had a chance, but I can never be like him. We were both born in the same environment and both had great futures, so why am I in the doldrums now? Because of marriage? Because of having Dede? Because I'm a woman, because I have to take care of the house, wash the kids' bottoms and change their diapers? "

And what about Leila? Because of her bad experience in her first marriage, she found sex to be a painful thing, and Leila could not feel pleasure from it, and still found it unbearable to do such things even in the face of someone she loved dearly.

Leila loathed marriage, but also afraid to have children, she profoundly analyzed the fate of a woman after marriage and children, is nothing more than a little drained by the family chores, leaving a dry body like twigs.
