2

There is a very insightful hot comment on Douban about this set of novels that have become a worldwide hit: "I really want to know if all the girls who read this book know in their hearts - this is not a fictional story." (credit to Peppa Kids)

I'm grateful to have read this collection at this moment in time. It's not my favorite novel, and not everything the main character says or does makes me agree. But beyond the beauty of the literature, it also helped me think about many things. The story follows the parallel lives of a pair of girlfriends from early childhood to old age: Elena and Lila come from a small town in Naples, Italy, both gifted and talented, Elena introverted and timid, Lila vivacious and straightforward. Lila works early and marries, and after realizing her husband's deceit and violence, she pursues love and wanders alone, struggling to survive, learning computer and achieving some success, only to suffer the tragedy of her young daughter's disappearance in her later years. Elena, on the other hand, chose to continue her education, became a writer in the intellectual world, married a university professor from a famous family, but then cheated, divorced, and then betrayed by her lover, celibate but with great works, and finally wrote her and Leila's story.

The biggest gimmick of the collection is that the author Elena (with the same name as the protagonist) Ferrante always insisted on writing under a pseudonym, not wanting to reveal her real identity, and receiving exclusive interviews only by email, until recent years when some good people investigated her identity like a detective. In addition to commercial considerations, anonymity also allows Ferrante the greatest freedom to portray the protagonist's most secret inner world without any concealment or embellishment. Thus, the (female) reader can easily find that her own fleeting thoughts, her own self-censored malice, her own deep-seated reveries, are all written down on paper. This epiphany brings comfort, and it is no wonder that many readers say that Elena is their "closest personal friend".

Just as Elena has to compare everything with Leila in the book, Ferrante's extremely down-to-earth and almost trivial writing style makes it easy for readers to compare themselves to the two heroines: am I more like Elena or Leila? Did I have friends like them when I was a child? What kind of journey did they go through when they fell in love? What problems did they face after marriage, and what did they do wrong? How did they make or fail to make the leap up the ladder? Is their old age the way I want it to be? How can I look up to them and how can I avoid becoming them?

That's why, at this stage, the second young adult chapter of the collection, which deals with marriage and career start-ups, moves me so much, while the third middle-aged chapter, which deals with failed marriages, makes me feel so angry. Perhaps readers who are still in school will be attracted to the first childhood/youth chapter, while those who are older will be saddened by the fourth prime/old age chapter. This set of books is like a special mirror, the images in it are not half the same as ours from skin color to perception, and not that we can perfectly match them, but in judging these images with either approval or disgust, we see ourselves better.

3

In fact, at first I did not like this set of books, childhood chapter should only be a prelude to the adult chapter, but Ferrante spent a whole book to write everything, what the main character learned each semester, a few points on the test to write out, if it is an unknown writer, I'm afraid it has been too verbose and rejected. But while watching the HBO adaptation of the TV series, a scene shortly after the beginning made me decide to read on.

One of Elena and Leila's neighbors, the amorous poet Saratore, seduces another neighbor, the widow Melina, into an affair, and Mrs. Saratore forces her husband to move and eventually leave town. On the day the Saratore family moves out, Melina, whose feelings have been played with, has a nervous breakdown, calls Saratore's name and throws the family's pots and pans out into the courtyard one by one. Saratore doesn't look back, Melina's children run home in fear, while the town's neighbors watch with interest the farce of the scumbag and the crazy woman. Young Elena and Leila were among them - the children of both families were their playmates. Amidst Melina's screams, they hesitate to leave, their confused eyes seemingly carrying a certain stubbornness, perhaps wondering if such bickering and despair cycling from generation to generation will turn into their future selves, determined to grow up and be free from such a circle.

(Ironically, they both later became entangled with Saratore's son and suffered all sorts of misfortunes, but at least they both ended up walking away as victors.)

This scene made me realize that this is not just a simple coming-of-age novel, but an epic about the fate of women. Generations of women in the story overlap with each other as themselves, daughters, wives, lovers, and mothers. Elena and Leila imagine their future selves by judging those women around them, and unconsciously live as them too. In their different paths of life, there are still many common experiences: being belittled, being bullied, being betrayed, and at the same time, loving, dreaming, and fighting.

This is why Elena's debut novel in the book resonates so well. She uses the novel as a cover to describe her experience of sexual abuse by an elder she admires, unapologetic about her shame and longing, and despite some criticism for revealing her privacy, even her childhood playmate Ghiorra, with whom she has nothing in common and who feels snobbish and stupid, can't help but pull her in: "But you write so well, it's like it's really happening, as dirty as it is! It's as dirty as if it really happened! It's a secret that only a woman knows." Gjola is in an unhappy marriage, suffering severe mental violence in addition to her husband's physical violence, being treated as an object, ignored, watching her husband fall in love, and punished for his inability to get his hands on her. In the midst of a desperate life with no head in sight, Elena's pen gives voice to her.

Naturally there are some cultural and period differences, such as the illiteracy that is so prevalent in the small town in the book is too far away from us. But beyond the superficial differences, I think at least every female reader can find herself in some place: the natural closeness to her mother, the disobedience that grew up and inevitably became a replica of her mother in the end; having one or several female friends who are both similar and opposite to herself, at one time as close as companions, at another time comparing and jealous of each other, whether in the end they turned against each other or reconciled, have long been etched in each other's The desire to leave a subordinate relationship through marriage, only to find that one is trapped in another subordinate relationship, the rules of which need to be re-established through negotiation or even conflict. And so on. These "dirty secrets" may be what we experience or witness, or what we fear or imagine, but there are always a few that fit the bill.

I believe the majority of book lovers are like me, having read far more male than female writers (the male bias of movies and TV shows speaks for itself), familiar with male pride, frustration, anxiety and longing, and tired of seeing their breasts and buttocks in their writing. There is no shortage of inner worlds of female characters in their works, some of which move us and some of which baffle us. And in our own lives and writing, we tend to look more or less toward the images portrayed by these male writers.

Ferrante shows the other half of the world, where women are who we are at our most real and unguarded, with our own pride, frustrations, anxieties and longings, examining our own less-than-perfect bodies and naturally observing the male body as well. This is actually nothing new in feminist works, but instead of confronting the male perspective nakedly, Ferrante uses a long narrative to present a panoramic view of a woman's life.

Such an honest representation and companionship is the power of the Neapolitan Quartet.

4

A professor I respect very much once said, "Cherish your four years as an undergraduate, because they are the only time you exist as "individuals". Before college, you are too naive to rely on the guidance and shelter of others in many ways. After college, you will be involved in a variety of work and family relationships, and you will no longer be pure individuals. Only during these four years, you can learn whatever you want, play whatever you want, think completely for yourselves and be completely responsible for yourselves.

One of the themes of the Naples Quartet is the tension between personal and social relationships. As mentioned earlier, Elena, Lila and their elders, partners and children are never separated from the intricacies of their relationships, despite their numerous attempts to break free, whether through study, writing, love or running away.

But to put it another way, personal and social relationships are not necessarily antagonistic. It is this myriad of relationships that work together to shape the unique identities of individuals. It is in Elena and Leila's endless comparisons with each other and their observations of the men and women around them that they come to understand what they want to be and what they do not want to be.

If Lila, who marries early before finishing her studies, skips the "personal" stage and forms herself in a network of relationships, Lila, who goes out to study (or "useless studies" such as classics and literature) and later wishes to express herself with a pen, is determined to be a person. Hélène, on the other hand, insists on retaining her "personal" identity, unaffected by marriage, fame, or return to her hometown. But even so, Elena chooses to recount her childhood and upbringing in terms of her relationship with Leila, rather than indulging in personal experiences. Her love of writing and her desire for freedom are not natural, but come in large part from Lila. After being separated from Lila in her later years, she realized that she had to use her own words to keep Lila's memory and spirit alive, but the words were not written by the imaginary Lila's hand, but belonged entirely to Elena alone. It sounds a bit awkward, but it shows that "relationship" is not the enemy of "individuality", and that even such an egoistic act as writing is never independent of the world.

Whether the time of being purely "personal" is overrated or not, it has left me. The independent ego is still clutching at the fists, in the words already written and yet to be written, in all kinds of feelings, worries and longings. It is being tied into a boundless web of relationships, wrapped and tugged, but it is also important to remember that each node of the web is another person's self, just like the love I receive from my friends and family, and the empathy I receive from Elena and Lila, which are connected and echoed, and that does not prevent them from shining in their own light.
