Although the story takes place in Naples in the era of economic miracle, there is a strong sense of reality in reading it because the author does not write about the mafia, soccer, and monuments as some authors who landscape South Italy do. Isn't "my" and Lila's life the reality of Chinese society? Isn't it the life of a girl from a proletarian family in a small town or a combination of urban and rural areas? The conflict between Mandarin and dialect, the structural violence in society (from the general environment to the small family), the widening gap between the rich and the poor, gender discrimination, conservative moral values and the rise of the "villagers".

In this suffocating living environment, united resistance may be one of the few possibilities. With regard to "unity," neither Christian-style communion nor Communist-style unite is shown much in the book (so far). The former never played an active role in the book (the backdrop priest, the villainous TDP and the ridiculed Holy Spirit), while the representatives of the latter: Pasquale and Galiani, I can only say that I look forward to their active performance in the second part! The only thing I can expect is to be pressed into service.

The only thing that can be expected is the union of the oppressed and the weak - the union of women. "I" and "Lila", supporting each other, drawing (stealing) nourishment from each other. In their relationship, struggle is the main theme, and jealousy, vanity, and exclusivity are always unrelentingly exposed in what the reader assumes are the high moments of teenage friendship. But even the dark and negative forces are strong enough to support "me" and Lila to take action, and it is these actions, exams, making a pair of shoes, going to the beach, having a boyfriend, that grip the reader's heart. Even if a little bit, I want to join the characters and take a breath of air from this hopeless life at the bottom.

The poignant descriptions that shred any veil of warmth and affection are what kept me hooked on the novel. Their pain and conflicts are too light, while our lives are too heavy; their conflicts are so simple that they can be solved by a single plot climax, while our relationships are so complex that we may only be able to They are too rich, and we are too poor. So it was a pleasant surprise to read Ferrant. At last, someone has written sincerely about the real connections of women at the bottom!

What is even more remarkable is that the novel does not degenerate into a "chicken feather" because it is true, and does not descend into a quagmire that Chi Li, Fang Fang and Liu Zhen Yun are unable to overcome. Lila offers a passion that inspires both the reader and the protagonist: a useless transcendence, a gift that cannot intervene in life, a possibility that is beyond the reach of reality. She is the core that holds the first book together without disintegrating into atoms. And the "study", I don't know the plot after that, only the first book, the author writes about knowledge as a power that women can master, like the knife in Lila's hand. This is actually a bit middle-class, but also controlled within a real limit, not exaggerated into the "wind and rain Harvard Road" type of sensationalism, but will remind people of the "my father my Lord" kind of coarse toughness.

Maybe this is the tradition of Italian realism, right? While writing deeply about the cruelty and ignorance of the poor, it also gives them dignity and strength.
