


Maybe there is someone in the world who is the most beautiful in your eyes. There is always that one person who means more to you than you think. There is always that one person who accompanies you into a world that is expanding with age, and there is always that one person you envy and envy but can't get away from. I don't want to delve into the true identity of the author of My Genius Girlfriend, but I'm sure the enigmatic Elena Ferrante had such a friend, or she wouldn't have written such an amazing book that makes people laugh and grieve at times.

In two chapters, the author tells the story of her childhood and youth with her "genius girlfriend," Leila. The two girls, who are always separated but bound by each other for life, are drawn to each other by their natural attraction. They find joy, intelligence and courage in each other. "I" is attracted by Leila's intelligence and courage, but I want to try to surpass each other in school, and Leila is limited to a difficult life, but also constantly looking for the exit of life. Story to Lila perspective alone, in her eyes, genius girlfriend luster all show, has a unique beauty, brave and wise, but need not deliberately, we can also found that, in the eyes of Lila, "I" also plays the role of "genius girl", if not for each other, "I" will not gradually began to think about the nature of the world, Without the "shoe stories" and all the restless dreams, Leila made each other and brought out the true brilliance of each other. Their stories are reminiscent of the legend of "two", the legend BingDi mystery of flowers, intimacy, but in the opposite directions open all the time, only two flowers together of the time, to spurt out attractive luster, and no matter how things change, no one can change is their emotion between two people.

Their stories are so dazzling, pointing to the heart, let every woman from inside back once belonged to own the "genius girl", this story let us into the Naples the mysterious blocks, and guide us to find belongs to own the world, and there is a new understanding of the world.

At the same time, the author gives us a fascinating picture of the world of "Neapolitan", where the story of two women takes place in a single city block, and the world they live in, despite its violence, chaos, poverty, inequality and pain, is imbued with indescribable charm. The psychedelic colors of childhood and the painful explorations of youth not only give us a clear picture of the world that expands as we grow older, but also give us a glimpse of how we perceive society differently at different times. In their childhood, the world in their eyes is just their own neighborhood, in this world is full of childlike mystery and fear, they can constantly interact with the world, and get a kind response. And the world at puberty gradually revealed ferocious face, the world inequality still exists, it could decide the fate of the after everyone, even though Lila and Reno, support each other, finally has been unable to complete just settle for second best dream, even if "I" constant pursuit, but avoid the dirt and helpless adult world. Another element that we notice in this world is the disappearance of boundaries. As the boundaries of the world expand, we break them down again and again to discover a wider world, both geographically and psychologically. In fact, there is no debate about whether Leila or "me" is more successful and who crosses these boundaries. Life is a continuous process, and women continue to strive and take risks.

In the "I" and the Lila life adventure, after the story ended at Lila wedding, the writer gives us a surprise but with the end of the impact force, all the conflicts, all the emotions, is self-evident, in the death of a person let them together after said goodbye to the childhood, in the wedding, they had to say goodbye to her youth, Step into the next stage in life, even if the next stage still revealed ferocious face, they can only walk the line, with courage, with tears, also very sigh with emotion in the author's courage, she used such a clear paragraph to describe the different stages of life, but let every reader in it can be searched without a trace, and lost in the "two life" story
